so I recently got the stinkiest power
meter for my Shimano XT our cranks on my
cross-country bike they pivot less and
just wanted to show how easy it is to
install it so you go ahead and pull it
out got some free membership the month
long memberships Ostrava and training
piece got the crank got the battery I
got some stickers in an owner's manual
so to install it first things first pull
out the crank and we'll install the
battery so it's just a standard oops
2032 battery so just pop open the
battery compartment stick it in there
close it back up
okay so now that's ready installed pull
off release the left crank arm
I'm just gonna install the new flags to
your crank arm I'm good thanks
yeah for all viewers mark hills no
that's another one yeah that's
yes DS already making a video yeah just
putting on a new power meter yeah
pretty stuff - my first time training
with power so
tighten this down you want tighten it to
13 Newton meters which is right in
between the Shimano recommended 12
so that's installed calibrate a little
pedal back on there we go all installed
so once you've installed the stages
power meter what you want to do is
calibrate it to make sure it's all ready
to go this kind of zero reset so I'm
using a Garmin Edge 520
that that's the correct bike which is my
pivot less and then we're going to go
down to amp us plower but to make sure
that the the actual power meter is on we
want to do a full rotation that wakes it
up and then you want to be straight down
so it's a perpendicular to the ground go
to an plus power we're going to say
power meter present yes
says power meter detected so it
automatically found it then we just go
down to calibrate
we'll give it a second here and then you
have the calibration successful so we're
all set to go